How does the OB hash blind box draw the hidden version? Learn these methods, so that you can greatly improve the hit
11月 15th, 2022
Like the “Ari” image created by Dream City Company, it is deeply loved by fans. Everyone has a fairy tale dream when they are young, dreaming that they are the princess or prince in the fairy tale castle.

When we grow up, our dream is still there, because we began to slowly transform into a collection of Ahri dolls.

There are only a few ways to obtain OB hash blind boxes: real store sales, unmanned vending machines, and online purchases.

How to get together a series of OB hash blind boxes?

For example, the animal version series of Ali and the “Werewolf Series” are 12 dolls + one hidden model, like the “Baby Goose” and “Rainbow Beaver” series, there are 6 and 8 models respectively. The number of models in each series Different, the appearance of the hidden money is also different.

So, how can we more easily put together a complete set of Ahri figures?

Here, I strongly do not recommend that you buy a whole box of dolls online. In reality, when we have sufficient funds, we can indeed buy a whole box of OB hash blind boxes, and then smoke slowly, so that we can experience happiness and avoid repeated collection; but in the network, you can buy a whole box Most of the purchases are duplicates, and some OB hash blind boxes may be unpacked, and I spent a lot of money to buy a lonely one.

Therefore, you should first buy 3-4 OB hash blind boxes to disassemble, which will not be repeated, and then accurately buy the second-hand of each series, which may cost more money, and it is better than buying a whole box !

How to extract hidden money in real stores?

For a series of Ali dolls (compared with the series of 8 models), the price of ordinary dolls is about 50-100, but the price of its hidden models can range from 200-500.

This shows how expensive and popular a hidden doll is.

If you buy hidden items in a real store, you can only get them through a blind draw, and the store only sells the latest series of Ahri dolls.

“Sipilailailian” said

In the past two years, this method was indeed possible, because different dolls in each series have different shapes, which lead to different weights. With the same packaging, the weight of each OB hash blind box or There are more or less differences. Take a small balance, calculate the quality of each OB hash blind box, and observe it by weighing. It is still possible, but I don’t know if it can still work now!

Shake it hard! By “shaking” in the rudest way, can you determine the category of the OB hash blind box? This approach is also possible at some point.

Different OB hash blind boxes, their hidden versions will have different decoration materials, and even changes in size and built-in content, resulting in different sounds when they are shaken.

These are old-fashioned methods. If you are not allowed to touch them, there is no other way. In reality, maybe buying a whole box is the most cost-effective, right?

The ability of hearing and distinguishing position should be cultivated

Since after shaking, in addition to the hand feeling, it is the ability to distinguish the position by listening to the sound. You have to distinguish the differences between each OB hash blind box from the friction sound.

If a person wants a series of dolls in particular, he must do his homework, such as what is the height and weight of each model, and what is the difference between them? Anyway, I will memorize all the styles in the same series, and then judge which one is the hidden version after contact with real life.

These methods are only based on reality, and you must be able to touch them with your hands. If the salesperson clearly tells you that you cannot do this, there is no way.

http://obhashapp.com
